! Mapping of behavioural fields into genome browser fields
!
behavioural_file:CAGE > genome_file:track
behavioural_file:Caption > genome_file:culo
behavioural_file:Channel > genome_file:dummy
behavioural_file:Duration > genome_file:dummy
behavioural_file:EndL > genome_file:dummy
behavioural_file:EndT > genome_file:chromEnd
behavioural_file:File > genome_file:dummy
behavioural_file:Index > genome_file:dummy
behavioural_file:InterTime > genome_file:dummy
behavioural_file:Name > genome_file:dummy
behavioural_file:Nature > genome_file:dataTypes
behavioural_file:SlotI > genome_file:dummy
behavioural_file:StartL > genome_file:dummy
behavioural_file:StartT > genome_file:chromStart
behavioural_file:Type > genome_file:dummy
behavioural_file:Value > genome_file:dataValue
behavioural_file:Velocity > genome_file:dummy
behavioural_file:linen > genome_file:dummy
behavioural_file:period > genome_file:dummy
! behavioural_file:Phase > genome_file:chrom
